Using the docs page in Jekyll is a life saver, the docs page in Jekyll is what is helping me learn the tool. Although I am still very bad at using Jekyll, without the documents page I would be completely lost.( https://jekyllrb.com/docs/ ) that is the link to the docs page. It teaches you everything you need to know, from installing it to using certain commands for certain actions. I completely finished synthesizing but I'm still in the learning process because honestly doing the freedom project and learning this tool without a partner is very difficult, I feel that if I had a partner to do this project with it would be much easier and I wouldn't be as confused. The next steps would be for me to commit triple the time to learning this because at first I wasn't really committed because I thought that I had all the time in the world and now that the time is closing in on me I feel that procrastinating wasn't the best idea. Learning about basic and advanced templates is going to be helpful for this freedom project because in a way Jekyll is a template that you just have to code to get it where you want. Since we are learning about basic and advanced templates I'm going to use that knowledge and put it into Jekyll. As a result of this freedom project I see how interested I really am in computer science and as a result of this class it helped me find out what I want to pursue as a career. I want to pursue a career in cybersecurity in the police force. I was watching a show about it and instantly I thought to myself that I want to do that when I'm older.
